fix(docs): Document end call for everyone parameter (#9628)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/call.md

* Method: `DELETE`
* Endpoint: `/call/{token}`
* Data:

| field | type | Description                                                                                  |
|-------|------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `all` | bool | If sent as a moderators can end the meeting is concluded and all participants leave the call |

Author: Where?

> | `all` | bool | If sent as a moderators can end the meeting is concluded and all participants leave the call |

Author: ```suggestion
| `all` | bool | If sent as a moderator, end the meeting and all participants leave the call |
```

> | `all` | bool | If sent as a moderators can end the meeting is concluded and all participants leave the call |

Reviewer: That makes sense now!
